Add page for Cypress.currentTest (#4052)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/api/cypress-api/currenttest.md

---
title: Cypress.currentTest
---

> `Cypress.currentTest` returns the currently executing test instance with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Cypress.currentTest` is an object representing the currently executing test instance, with
```

properties to access the title of the test.

> 

Reviewer 2: Can we add a note to this effect?

```suggestion

<Alert type="warning">

Note that `Cypress.currentTest` may only be used inside tests and [test
hooks](/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Hooks),
and will be `null` outside of tests and test hooks.

</Alert>
```

Author: Ah, great point to add!

## Syntax

```javascript

> // returns object with title and titlePath properties
> Cypress.currentTest
> 
> // returns title of current test
> Cypress.currentTest.title
> 
> // returns array with current test title path
> Cypress.currentTest.titlePath

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// an object with title and titlePath properties
Cypress.currentTest

// the title of the current test
Cypress.currentTest.title

// an array with the current test's title path
Cypress.currentTest.titlePath
```

I feel like using `returns` indicates they are functions instead properties.

---
title: Cypress.currentTest
---

`Cypress.currentTest` is an object representing the currently executing test instance, with
properties to access the title of the test.

<Alert type="warning">

Note that `Cypress.currentTest` may only be used inside tests and [test
hooks](/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests#Hooks),
and will be `null` outside of tests and test hooks.

> </Alert>
> ## Syntax

Reviewer 2: Whoops, these need a linebreak between them

```suggestion
</Alert>

## Syntax
```
